not a game not a game not a game you're
talking about practice not the game
we're talking about I a man 3,000 pounds
Mexican with the trailers in town I was
getting money needed i'm getting money
now yeah i just find out like like I
don't I on it I understand why people
make the jokes and whatnot if it's a
defense mechanism or they're just jerks
at on like I don't really know I don't
really think that much about it when
people give me a hard time but I just I
just feel like st. and I'm like you
realize that you're making fun of the
reason why like I'm alive right now you
know what I mean like you're making fun
of my life's purpose right now you're
making fun of like the most important
value that I hold but obviously I can't
say that because that's just next-level
right there just kind of taking a jab at
me and I can't just like get
philosophical and tell them I'll just
keep revealing things about my about
myself but like that's that's what it
feels like sometimes I'm like listen man
like this is my life's purpose and
you're making fun of it right now you
know I'm not even allowed to talk about
it too much because then I'm living up
to that stereotype we're all there i
found the vegan and the vegans talking
about veganism again it's like yeah yeah
i want to talk about it because this is
my life now why would i not not a game
not again not again i was just gonna say
i find that you know my Christian
background I think it really did stunts
my it's gonna sound so cliche my vegan
journey I feel like I would have gone
vegan so much sooner because like you
know there'd be people in this church
and you know they're lovely and whatnot
but you know it just they just did not
care about animals right right they're
just like I just thought I'd say yeah I
don't care about animals and you know
I've always been like a natural animal
lover as a small girl and whatnot so
even i found that a bit shocking that
they would say that that I was like oh
you know I apparently we're not supposed
to care about animals now interesting so
it like I am grateful I learned a lot
about my own self and you know there's
good lessons in the Bible like humility
and loving people and whatnot so I do
appreciate that but in other ways it it
really did like I said stunt my vegan
journey so I don't
guy for me too I mean that's kind of a
big topic but you know my own upbringing
I really had a great respect for
tradition and traditionalism which is
obviously not Christian in my case that
included like First Nations you know due
to a sense but you know I had this sense
that engine my parents did not teach me
this that you know the way our
grandparents and our ancestors lived was
something very important and that people
in our time by contrast were really
decadent and lazy and the you know the
the real life that's suitable for human
beings was something that disappeared
centuries ago this is just a child
that's a childish attitude of mine it's
not a philosophical attitude I'm proud
of that's not even a teenage attitude
but you know so for me that really did
as you said slow down you know Mike
regression towards veganism just um you
no respect for something like like
leather gloves you know I know that may
sound ridiculous but if you've seen how
leather gloves were made in medieval
Europe and this kind of struggle human
beings had for centuries to protect
themselves against the cold it may sound
meaningless and it is meaningless but it
that wasn't meaningless to me you know
so that sense of wanting to value
tradition even without religion being
attached to it that definitely slowed
down my progression towards you know
first vegetarianism and then and then
veganism I didn't want to think that
thousands of years of our culture and
civilization once culture not even my
culture all culture like Chinese culture
like the whole world's culture I didn't
want to think that that had all been an
error and [ __ ] would all be you know
discarded now I wanted to have more more
traditional values or more traditional
approach to life but we talking about
practice man what are we talking about
practice I see people here on YouTube in
the West relating veganism to a lot of I
don't know I don't know how do i phrase
it I guess a lot of pseudoscience quite
frankly and just a lot of like I guess
like a hippie stuff so I find that so
counterproductive you know we're trying
to get people okay so we're trying to
get people now on board it's too
meet right like this is the answer and
whatnot but meanwhile this whole time
for all these years we've had these
vegans being anti GMO anti-anything kind
of remotely unnatural and now they're
changing their tune and they're trying
to get everyone on board with this
completely unnatural super meat but
you've been contributing to this climate
of like anti anything unnatural so right
it's it's just like well great like now
you've convinced all these people that
anything unnatural is bad and thira if
this were to work theoretically the
super me well who's gonna who's
following you is gonna actually going to
want to eat it after you've been telling
them after all this time that a natural
stuff is bad I think though the thing to
remember is they're not the same people
right I mean what you've just eluded the
contrasting the people who are kind of
the hippies who are anti science aunty
you know and have this very entrenched
notion of doing what's natural the
so-called crunchy mom stereotype the
people who refuse to let their babies be
vaccinated etc those people still exist
i think they haven't changed you know
it's just that they were really the
early adopters of veganism in this
period and then over the 10 years after
that you get different types of people
joining in so I think that's the
contrast I think that chorus you know a
lot of those people were former members
of Hindu cults sorry i'm not i'm not
anti-hindu but they don't just being
blunt about it and that's why you know
within the raw food movement i don't
know if you've seen the specific claim
that if you practice the raw food diet
your sex drive will dry up and disappear
you'll lose your desires for worldly
things including sex to me that's a very
interesting contrast to i mean as you
know many other vegans including pettah
people for the ethical dream analyst
they had some really crass as a painful
condition that occurs when boyfriends go
vegan and can suddenly bring it like a
tantric pornstar for Jessica it's too
late
now you're back keep you feeling better
they're making having more sexual desire
I'm an aspect of it now I think probably
both of those claims are a bit
pseudo-scientific you know if you
already have totally normal normal
positive sexual function I don't know
how much improvement you're going to get
there making claims based on you know if
you're a heart patient if you have high
cholesterol levels blah blah blah blah
but anyway that that contrast to me
indicates that the people who came out
of a yoga background out of some kind of
westernized Hindu background they were
bringing into veganism these spiritual
beliefs that by having a pure diet you
are purifying yourself spiritually as
well as physically and that things like
your desire for money and sex would
would disappear because you're eating
watermelon every day or whatever you
know but I just say those those people
are still there and you know they
stopped coming to my channel a long time
ago I'm comfortable with that you know
that's that's what happens on youtube at
first you get kind of random viewers and
random hate mail and then with time no
you know is you'll you'll go through it
too and then with time you know people
figure out who you are and what you're
about and so those people keep coming
back and they tell their friends and you
start getting people you know you find
your audience your audience finds you
that kind of thing happens but I don't
think Venus has changed I just think
it's I just think it's got more diverse
yeah well I mean that's a good thing I
suppose more diversity I want we want
everyone to go vegan I'm just thinking
of like popular youtubers like happy
healthy vegan dad's making couple like
they promote like a very very much so
would like natural organic kind of
lifestyle so I you know they actually
just put a video happy healthy vegan I
didn't watch it about I should have but
they put on a video about their feelings
on like lab a meat and if they support
it but I suspect that they do right I
didn't even watch the videos I can't say
I should have um but if they were to
support it after all this time seeing
how their anti-science like I don't know
could they really what yeah I mean look
you know the thing is uh I spend most of
my time giving morality lectures on
YouTube which is you know i'm a member
of a small percentage the population to
test that
but you know my views a morality
although they may seem very trenchant I
do genuinely appreciate that that
different people are capable of
different things different people of
different things to to offer so I myself
have never slept with a prostitute I
have actually done research on
prostitution Southeast Asia several
different stages in my life you know its
political science social research
however you know I've mentioned this
somewhere on the internet before you
know among the incidents that really
shocked me and changed my perception
that was meeting a man who had a bullet
wound in the middle of his face from the
the Cambodian wars to put it that way
and for him you know his only contact
with the opposite sex was you know going
to brothels now in that culture well
I'll say specifically about lausanne
northern Thailand some disabilities that
we consider relatively minor you know
when we have a disability called having
a harelip you know where a person of the
permanent scar there from a
reconstructive surgery when there are
infinite sits a fairly common a
disability in both east and west in that
culture if you're born with that no
basically no woman will ever touch you
aside from a prostitute it'sit's
regardless as hideous you know with that
culture we have at least the guy you
like in Phoenix I think is his name one
of our famous actors he's considered
handsome and he has this he has this
disability he has a harelip so I just
mentioned some some things that are
considered ugly or hideous what have you
so I haven't lived in that culture for a
while um I became more tolerant of
prostitution when I met people frankly
of both genders where you realized
within that society that's death the
only love in their lives that and you
know again I'm not them they're not me I
may disapprove but you know that I have
a real sort of tolerance for that you
know whether it's lab-grown meat or many
of these other things the fact that I
don't do it you know doesn't mean that I
think it should be illegal doesn't mean
I think nobody should do it you know a
lot of that stuff is gross to me I mean
ultimately what you're talking about
with with prostitute if we talk about
consenting adults we're not talking
about child prostitution on talking
about anything to to insidious you know
ultimately my moral objection to it is
kind of based in the fact that I think
it's gross
and some of the stuff we object to is
vegan some of it is a hard moral
black-and-white issue but some of it
were actually objecting to you in that
same way we're into a kind of gray area
running this is kind of gross there's
another company doing lab-grown milk but
you know its actual cow milk it's not
soy milk but it's made in a vat in a lab
yeah yeah one of my one of my viewers
alerted me to that so it's it's the it's
similar to the lab-grown meat phenomenon
we're in a sense it is milk and it's
just as unhealthy for you as X real
Calvo but no no cows are harm because
you know they're whatever their cells
created in a lab and combined sure so it
must be kind of ridiculous because
you're adding all the unhealthy stuff
how much fat do we add to this mix you
know what got a weird why not why not
make it healthier but anyway that's so
that's also coming along but you know
this stuff I may find it disgusting I
might never do it that's what i said in
my two-minute video the fact that I
wouldn't do it doesn't mean nobody
should do it and it you know ultimately
again okay contrast Thailand to Saudi
Arabia where would you rather go on
vacation Thailand or Saudi Arabia now
when I go to Thailand I am NOT going
there for prostitution literally
millions of men are however I want to be
part of a culture that has a certain
kind of freedom of speech freedom of
gender equality including freedom of
sexuality but I want to be in a certain
kind of deeply democratic deeply liberal
culture that Thailand represents and
prostitution like it or not is part of
that and I do not want to be in a
culture that is you know an
authoritarian moralizing culture I
believe in Saudi Arabia there's almost
zero prostitution maybe someones gonna
write into me and say no if you know the
right brothels to go to maybe the
opposite but you know obviously it's
much more it's much more secret in a
culture like that and you know again
vegans obviously have whether we're
talking in the next ten years in the
next 200 years what type of political
ideology do you want to represent I do
not want to represent the Saudi Arabia
vegan
uh so you know I don't know what who's
going to represent the the Athens of
veganism or the Thailand of veganism
these are these are still open questions
but for sure there is there is a real I
call it the Catholicism tendency and
veganism there's a tendency to make this
into this kind of very strict moral
moral straitjacket the quest for purity
whether it comes out of that already
alluded to kind of Hindu background or
whether it comes out of a purely
political tendency or what have you so
that's interesting I mean if you want
true freedom you do have to allow first
you could you could almost see
prostitution as like a good thing in
that sense I suppose like great like
people are allowed to express themselves
yeah why not so so far lighting again us
well as as with smoking too if you admit
that something's a problem that doesn't
mean you want the police to kick down
people's doors and throw them in prison
solve it so like when I was in Thailand
this is a distant memory but as i recall
i read an economic estimate that put of
Thailand's cash economy I'll say why I
specify cash my of Thailand's cash
economy they had prostitution and
related services as fourteen percent of
the economy so at what point do you
admit that it's a problem like when I
say I think we need to tolerate
prostitution to some extent ah do I mean
ten percent do I mean for a what present
at what at what point is a problem it is
it is a problem it's deeply problematic
to me when I was in northern Laos a
small city in northern loss but it's
still a city or talent but you know they
have electricity they have roads they
have concrete buildings you know it's
not a it's not a village it's it's a
small city I was in a small city there
and again I did real research on
prostitution etc so no knew about this
kind of stuff and they had basically a
program going on there where the local
wealthy men would actively recruit
virgin girls from inside the local high
school you know this is a unique form of
prostitution so they would pay one girl
to be a recruiter to recruit girls to
sell their their virginity to these you
know well i don't know i know you call
them businessmen or a probably
some of them are army generals and
probably the local the local elite now I
find that deeply disturbing in many many
ways although i believe it's it's legal
or me know the girl the girls in that
case i do not think we're underage God
knows in Laos I knew of a plenty of
stuff you know related child child
prostitution underage prostitution and
so on um at what point is it a problem
and then when you acknowledge it's a
problem what what you do about it so a
lot of our discourse I have said this on
youtube before a lot of our discourse in
the Western world is kind of hyper
defensive about that first phase of
admitting it's a problem because the
assumption is you're immediately going
to go to some kind of fish istic and
again Catholicism frankly Catholic
reaction of saying oh if we admit it's a
problem that means we have to stamp it
out of existence entirely and I don't I
don't think that's the solution but yes
does Thailand have a problem with
prostitution it does um wood tile and be
a better country if prostitution were
only five percent of the cash on me
instead fourteen percent I think it
would be I think that would be much
better they were sir but just to include
the footnote the issue with the cash
economy is that in a country like
Thailand a lot of the economy does
happen without cash trading hands so you
know like a farm that gives its lentils
to a factory to process it into
something else so there are parts of the
economy still that are not not included
in that one hundred percent yeah so
anyway right but with with cigarettes
with veganism to come back to the point
or come back to our common ground theme
um you know at what point do you admit
that you know industrialized production
of meat in Canada is a problem and then
once you admit it's a problem what do
you do even I I don't suggest that you
know we should have the equivalent of
the I don't know SS or something have
some army go around and and just
immediately kick down all of the all the
slaughterhouses as appointed videos we
wouldn't know what to do with the cows
what do you do set them free set them
free on the plains of Saskatchewan have
a million cows you know it's it's it's
not clear what kind of transition we're
talking about but that first step of
just admitting this is bad
this is something where you know you
know again I don't want alcohol to be
illegal I never drink alcohol I drink
absolute zero I don't want cigarettes to
be illegal but I want us all to engage
in democratically and openly some kind
of long-term plan about how do we reduce
this how do we contain this yeah yeah we
better [ __ ] at it just seems like do
you just I don't you ever just get so
discouraged just looking at the
landscape as it is now I me listen we
talking about practice I watched that
and I'll i totally agree like the way
it's betrayed veganism is gonna make you
so happy and whatnot and it's like how
could this make you happy seeing this
carnage every time you go into the
grocery store how is that a source of
happiness you know I get a sense of
satisfaction knowing that I'm not
contributing to that and I'm going to do
everything I can to prevent that but
happiness absolutely not absolutely not
and I don't know I did briefly breakdown
weeping in that video did you catch it
it's I actually do wipe it to your away
from my eye but ya know if you go back
the part where I described seeing
chicken feed I actually start weeping on
camera and I kind of had a choice it was
like okay I'm either gonna stifle this
or I'm gonna actually like weep openly
on camera and I you know I choked back
the tears but that's a good so I think
I'm at an average of like weeping on
camera once a month now mission but uh
but no you know Dom Bauer was one of the
first guys to really talk about that but
that's that's how I choose to my channel
again I appreciate that about your
channel the video you made talking about
this guy on Facebook who you know posted
the the cow hard and so on I really
value a certain kind of emotional
reality even when your life is kind of
fake even when your life is full of
weird or surreal or fake fake things I
you know I really value that again the
the kind of vulnerability you bring it's
sometimes in parts of the videos we are
not saying much you know it's just
obvious you know it's emotion you know
like their parts the video we're just
like this was man this is messed up you
know but but you know that there's
there's a real real emotion to it and
for me like so I'll just say a little
more about the the chicken feed you know
like seeing it seeing the corpses of
animals and sometimes even seeing ground
beef when I when I first got here
you know I went into so many different
restaurants to see if they had just one
thing that was vegan it's not worth
explaining but it's because of the way
Chinese food is made like they could
just have buns that are vegan they could
just have something like that like an
isolated item not something cooked in a
pot that I could buy so I really went
into a lot of meat meat making
restaurants when I first arrived here
looking for any options in the
neighborhood and but I remember I I
almost wept actually one restaurant well
it's just draw it just brought up so
many emotions and memories and all these
other things any literally looking at a
small bowl of ground beef yeah yeah in
some ways it's crazy but it's the sense
in which is not crazy I could break down
for you what I was already thinking
about before I walked into the
restaurant and the way seeing that bowl
of ground beef it just Illustrated for
me things I already care about and what
happy but you know okay be honest with
you the thing with the chicken feet of
the ground beef or anything else it's
the same as seeing human skulls now you
probably haven't seen this no offense
but like in Cambodia in other places you
can go and see a pile of human skulls I
if you come to Thailand I can take you
there I can you can become a you know a
death tourist that's what people say
about you can go and see miles even
skills in Europe you know from the the
Holocaust or World War two you can see a
pile of human remains I remember one
that made a lot of people weep was a
pile of children's shoes you know
children executed by the Nazis where
they threw the shoes in a pile after
they killed the the children it's just a
pile of shoes and people break down
crying you know it's not the shoes yeah
it's not the skull but even the skulls
the human skulls are meaningless if you
don't know about the history or care
about it if you don't have something
else yeah if there's not something else
going on in your mind but in the same
way you know seeing the chicken feed or
even seeing the human attitudes towards
them you know the people picking them up
you know checking the quality you know
in this kind of because that's that's
what people doing from you know um you
know there's a lot to it so yeah that's
all right so it says yeah try try to
reprogram what's up ahhhh but for me
that's
that's yeah yeah yeah wait if you want
to imitate my YouTube success hey you
know the real successful person imitate
obviously is vegan cheetah or something
it's not me but depends depends do you
want to youtube and would you want to
come back you want to talk about wrote
down so don't forget you want to talk
about bc but if you want to talk about
youtube if you want to talk about
success on youtube if you want to have
anything else we can do it you know what
everyone's up man ah what was i even
gonna say back then well I just just
give you yeah give you a break on
whether the last time I talked to
cheetah cuz you know we do talk I
mentioned you he I think he watches all
your videos but he watches you regularly
but I said to him we were talking about
another female youtuber who we both
think is his garbage and we boat and and
I said to him I said look you know you
compare this girl to tofu goddess tofu
goddess actually something to say you
know it's like you know apart from the
fact that she's good looking you know
like YouTube is about talking if you
have nothing to say you can't go very
far in this business yeah doesn't really
mean oh nothing else really matters you
could be ugly and nvm be graded you look
at some you know the amazing atheist
he's pretty hideous um he remains one of
the absolutely most successful people he
always has been and I nobody I think
nobody thinks he's handsome no you know
no offense um you know so I just say it
doesn't really matter that much how you
look especially not long term it may be
why people first click on your channel
but you know I just say but cheetah
cheetah course agree he was like oh ya
know like tofu goddess you know he has
time to say so I just say you know
long-term there's only reason for
optimism there I you know again I don't
don't know if you need the compliment
but it's everyone else's has noticed
what you're doing and it will be I mean
it'll be two years before you have any
following that's just normal on YouTube
nothing happens overnight but still if
you do put in the time and stick with it
I think you know these are there are
really meaningful rewards that come into
your life through it yeah I mean I
initially came on to YouTube just just
because like I do have a lot of vegans
in my own personal life here in London
Ontario but I just wanted more
perspective I suppose I'm very much so a
people person I love talking to other
people I love hearing contrast
in perspectives even if I don't
necessarily agree with them uh so
YouTube it just seemed like a really
great medium for that and also I was
seeing a lot of youtubers who quite
frankly I consider quite stupid on me on
the vegan seen explain my stupid so it's
like you know I I feel like I could
contribute something cuz at this point
I'd never heard of your channel I had
never even seen any of the more
reasonable YouTube channels like they
were all a lot smaller I don't know they
seem shy gotten a lot more popular
lately so I was just seeing a lack of
that and like you know my first videos
like I didn't really have a direction
but right you know I'm talking about
very simple concepts because I didn't
see anyone talking about these I was
like okay I have to you know the
building blocks right this is a these
are some very simple basic concepts and
then my plan was to build from there but
then from there i discovered your
channel and other channels and i was
relieved to see how other people we're
just talking about something other than
eating bananas quite frankly other than
eating Karber carbohydrates like there's
so much more to it than that and i found
that frustrating but like i said i found
your channel brothers so yeah you know
what you say like you know the couple
people who knew me from youtube and then
met me face-to-face one of the things
they're surprised about with me and i
made so basically just telling you this
so that you know something about me but
it's also something about youtube you
know you may or may not find useful in
your own life but like when i met with
people James something I say about
myself is true is like a lot of people
on YouTube are trying to appear more
intelligent than they are and I'm
actually the opposite I'm if not that
I'm trying to dumb down my content but I
really try to bring something very
emotionally raw and if anything I kind
of feature the stupidest side of my
character it's really not the life of
the mind that I'm bringing this and I do
because I do have a life of the mind in
terms of whatever philosophy politics
languages history whatever but that's
that's not what i want to share on
youtube you know and a lot of people so
a lot of people trying to appear more
intelligent they are but also a lot of
people are trying to appear more ethical
than they are and i'm really at a time
of my life where I'm actually trying to
be less
I'm a when I was younger I was a very
kind of puritanical moralizing person
which like you can see the benefit of
that on my youtube channel because I'm
very used to talking about morality and
very used to talking about ethical
philosophy but also just moral problems
in practice um but yeah I was talking to
another vegan about this words like you
know I actually don't want to be pure I
want to be involved in the real world in
real-world problems and I really
recognize that involves getting your
hands dirty and making difficult
compromises like the whole thing with me
talking to scientists who actually
torture animals you know it's like well
yeah I can be pure I can say I refuse to
talk to you or you know I was talking
once you are who are vegan or semi vegan
yes they're people were really
interesting name rights and but they
literally torture animals as part of
their job they toured your animals death
in a lab they exploit animals I want to
talk to you I want to know about how
that whole field works i want to know
about the future i wanna know
politically well how it's possibly pause
the difference I don't want to be pure
and that even extends to stuff like
humanitarian work in Thailand or
anywhere where it's like no no I i I'm
interested in being involved so I just
say that's that's a real difference
between me and other people on YouTube
and again like just a couple people like
Jay Keynes when they met me they got
that and commented on it they're like oh
you're actually smarter than you seem to
be on you see it's like no it's not even
a compliment they're just like they
figure out like again it's not it's not
dumbing it down you know what I mean
it's just like no I actually want to
show you the side of me that like weeps
because i miss my daughter which is not
that intelligent and when I'm talking to
my university professors that's not the
side they see of me or if I'm at a
business meeting or anything else right
so you know I want to show you decided
me that weeps over you know seeing
chicken feet or whatever that's really
actively when I'm what I'm bringing to
it so you know thats I say that's you I
think you know we make decisions and you
can change your mind you can make a
different decision what side of your
character are you are you bringing to
the internet cheetah went through a
whole bunch of different periods I've
seen him still recently just a couple
months ago he did like a three-hour
lecture on you
ell on effective activism and research
connected to to agriculture to getting
up to farms and how dairy prospal dairy
actually operates in his state I know
people think he's a bimbo he's
good-looking and you know you're joking
around about stuff and he talks about he
talks about what kind of bum he finds
attractive in a woman and people get a
pen but like I remember when he did that
I was streaming it but I took a shower I
did other things like I I was busy and
at the end of it I was looked at my
watch it was like he just did a three
hour continuous monologue unlike you
know really hard political science and
ecology and how Agriculture's organized
so that's also a side of his character
and in the past he used to make some
more pretentious videos showcasing that
side of his character tell you know
where he was trying to be more of a
social justice warrior and now obviously
he's kind of found his found his niche
so you know you can change your mind you
can make those decisions what have you
but in some ways it's a luxury right the
fact that my life is a disaster like in
terms of having a job or whatever means
that I can I can cry on YouTube and
nobody seemed to be no but also look you
know you know I'm six foot three
durianrider says I'm six foot five but
I'm not I'm six foot three he says from
six but I'm six foot three and I'm 100
kilograms you know that's the other
difference I this is a fair while ago
major channel I always say it's harder
for women the reality is if people give
me [ __ ] about being vegan like at the
workplace like if I was in an office and
people watch my youtube channel and
laugh at me about or make fun of me but
because that that really happens and
it'll happen to you if it hasn't
happened already you know the reality is
that just just the threat of violence
just my size or whatever is is the only
thing that keeps people in line it's
it's pathetic but that's 2016 right like
that's yes you're that that's it you
know it so anyway but I've always said I
really think it is worse it is worse for
women whether it's the bullying from
your own female relatives you know like
relatives to expect you to also baste
the turkey at Christmas to like help
help out with the cooking that's real
that real pressure you know
or or if it's the [ __ ] at the office
this other girl who hates you anyway for
other reasons and then the fact that
you're vegan is another reason for the
hate you you know women women can be
really nasty that way and here within my
first few days of being here there was
one guy an Australian guy I didn't know
he looked like he was 50 but I'm 3750
isn't that much older than me and the
first two times he took a poke at me
about veganism that he insulted me I
just said something funny bad whatever
you know I remember the the third time
he did it it was it was a little bit
more insulting and I stood up you know
this is in the dining hall here above my
school and there at that time there were
no young people there I [ __ ] was all
middle-aged people or whatever you want
to say and I'm oppressed it up and said
to him look it you know you want to keep
taking a poke at me because it's only a
matter of time before I poke back and
you know everybody in the room you
everyone stops eating everyone goes
silent what do you like this is 2016 and
this is not the prison cafeteria you
know I mean I'm like a 37 yo guys a 50
year old guy but that is still what it
comes down I'd say this is life as a
vegan for a 37 year old intellectual
life has been devoted to languages
history politics charity work I had a
long period of my life where I literally
wouldn't kill a cockroach like
non-violence your eyes look and this is
what my life is like I know I supposed
to be there I know I supposed to lead by
example I know that and I'm not I'm not
shoving it inside you know like it don't
mean anything I know it's important I do
I honestly do but we talking about
practice man what are we talking about
practice not a game not a game not a
game we talking about practice